Avoid ES errors with default shell settings (#4)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/system-requirements.md

* `systemd` as the init system
* `useradd`
* `curl` or `wget`

> * The shell that starts Automate should have a # of open files max of at least 65535, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a shell that starts Automate with an open files max setting of 65535 or more. (1024 is the common default setting.)
```

Reviewer: Please check me on if I've phrased this correctly.

> not 1024 which is common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
